next the one that has not been committed
son of a bitch god
Hahaha
per day
ah
LOL
this goodbye
what's happening in the house there are not two
he has taken the pain
on the contrary that behind everything that
I have here
vale vale vale vale to mild way
do not
ah
remember around the activation to
turtle training
but if you look at the box it has been put in
the house
have the safe box that there is something
God beneath me shook
how
olive
mother of the beams
and the truth is that it varies from regular cure
before this field
to see directly did not place or anything
but as soon as it was contained, explain to me what
yes you gave me I understand you
here
and in addition to two stages
leave waiting to close the processes
and says that I
that as I was born I shot but it's already
camera
what you
moved guys give me cross mateos to the
Water
my natural and normal god
all right
returning uncle that my mother who sees you
total slap of truth
fought to test as diameter
left
he wants asshole
delays the delayed rigors mateo
about a little insurance sure
for disability give me the pump leave me
me at the pump
Look uncle, kill yourself and give me the bomb
anyway
Hello
is going to be an iguana
how do you want